Reintroduce all text color utilities (#2030)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/utilities/link.md

[Colored link helpers]({{< docsref "/helpers/colored-links/" >}}) have been updated to pair with our link utilities. Use the new utilities to modify the link opacity, underline opacity, and underline offset.

> <!--Boosted mod: add bg-dark on the links which need it to ensure contrast-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--Boosted mod: use `contrast_color` as background ensure a good contrast-->
```

{{< example >}}
{{< colored-links.inline >}}
{{- range (index $.Site.Data "theme-colors") }}

> <p><a href="#" class="link-{{ .name }}{{ with .contrast_color }} bg-{{ . }}{{ end }} link-offset-2 link-underline-opacity-25 link-underline-opacity-100-hover">{{ .name | title }} link</a></p>

Reviewer: I'd say you could create a PR for Bootstrap to make this same change for consistency between the "utilities/colors" and "utilities/link" rendering. Hope it works well for dark mode too.

Author: ok, I'll do that :-)

>     <p><a href="#" class="link-{{ .name }}{{ with .contrast_color }} bg-{{ . }}{{ end }} link-offset-2 link-underline-opacity-25 link-underline-opacity-100-hover">{{ .name | title }} link</a></p>

Reviewer: Indentation issue in the documentation:
![Screenshot 2023-07-11 at 09 36 11](https://github.com/Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap/assets/17381666/6fb71db4-d6df-48f6-a86b-843276a653d8)

> <p><a href="#" class="link-{{ .name }} {{ if or (eq .name "primary") (eq .name "success") (eq .name "warning") (eq .name "info") (eq .name "light") -}}bg-dark{{- end }} link-offset-2 link-underline-opacity-25 link-underline-opacity-100-hover">{{ .name | title }} link</a></p>

Reviewer 2: Can't we use the same trick as Bootstrap, meaning the `color-contrast` field in `theme-colors.yml`
